A fiery thread of feeling went through her.
A flash of light, a thread of incandescence, a quiver
a heart of pain, Whose wound no thread of fate can stitch, How hast thou conjured, cruel witch
A little tiny thread of a north wind came down to them from Home
a nervetract is a tenuous fibre or thread of protoplasm
a peninsula, although it was anchored to the continent by a long slender thread of land
a perforated bullet set between two glass beads hanging from a thread of sinew.
a plaster of vermicelli, and followed by a little thread of soup which was running down the calves of his legs.
a story, a mythology, a thread of doctrine, throughout such or such a symphony, sonata
A thread of a contrasting tone is then laced through, eye of the needle foremost,
a thread of blood, and, underneath, the thread of blood
a thread of blue smoke rose straight up from the hole in the ridge
A thread of fire ran up like an opening seam
A thread of molten metal crawled down the spout;
a thread of nausea passed through him -- not guilt, not fear, merely a sickening
A thread of political speculation ran through comments.
A thread of silver in her chestnut hair That affluent needed no deceiving braid.
a thread of silvery humor wove in and out of her thoughts, tracing a delicate embroidery
again and again as she watched him follow the thread of a path which
again, leaning against the door-frame in the thread of light.
an endeavor of her tender heart to keep up a thread of connection
an intricate pattern of blue and white, and not a thread of it woven by the light of the sun.
An ominous thread of ideology runs through
and elms, a bright silvery thread Of a slow-winding, pure crystal stream
and evil tongues had come between, and the frail thread of true love had been broken
and from its barrel still rose a thread of smoke fume.
and obstinately refused to lay aside the smallest tittle or thread of his dress
and spun out their prayers and sermons to a long thread of Politics.
and stretched there from another gleaming thread of its intricate web of trolley lines.
and the narrow thread of light that came from it revealed the stairway.
and the ominous black thread of communication trailing like a grotesque horn behind it.
And the thread of that existence is frail.
and then dropped the blazing splinter on the slender thread of gunpowder.
And then we will resume our broken thread Of Plato' s thoughts
and there is a sustained thread of sincere sentiment.
and thus weave the golden thread of greatness into a glorious democracy.
and waxed anew the thread of her discourse.
and who could take up the thread of government among a semi-barbarous people as readily
Any thread of unrest, industrial, political, social, or intellectual, is quickly picked
are simply one knot on one thread of the new air roads of the north.
As a tailor's needle fastens the thread in the garment, so the thread of our earthly life becomes fastened by the needle of our desires
as she made her way down the worn white thread of a path
as the first ray of light spreads like a thread of fire across the sky
at the heart of sorrow, that ecstasy is shot through with the sudden crimson thread of pain,
Between the poles of the galvanometer was stretched a slender thread of fused quartz
but the very last thread of their flannel was spun now.
But to unwind the thread of human fault, and hold it up
but winding like a thread of gold through all her writings
by some thread of philosophy or speculation; every reader observes some connection,
By their infernal engines; -- not a thread Of its green folds was yet contaminated.
Clinging fiercely to one last thread of consciousness
closing the door until only a thread of warmth was left.
Cut the thin thread of life -- and not your law!
democratic nationalism which had been the emotional thread of our intellectuals' life
every thread of nutritional discussion leads back to the spool of evolution.
Every thread of the cheap home-made fabrics in which they came to this country has disappeared;
Every thread of the web was strung with minute spherules of moisture
found, or thought he found, a feeble thread of pulse.
from his pocket a bit of virgin gold strung on a thread of deer sinew.
From some crack there puffed a thread of white vapor.
from the immense breadths of the United States and British America to that thread of communication between continents
from the tub in a long dark thread of wet across the yellowish wood
Grey thread of medium size; fine red wool
has not the slightest connection with the thread of our story.
He could weave the happiness of others, even though no thread of his own was in the fabric.
He found great difficulty in catching the thread of his identity again.
He holds the thread of city administration in his hands
her eyes, a thread of observation between black-fringed lids, dwelt musingly on the sky.
Here was a bird with the head hanging by a thread of skin
his desperate attempts to keep to the thread of desultory talk were pitiful.
hold upon that thread of primitive mysticism which is the vital and fertile element in all religion.
I have not been able to lay my finger upon a thread of coarseness in that girl.
I spun those, every thread of' em, when my name was Mary Evans. Those were my wedding
I used to watch my cousin Hirshel start for school in the morning, every thread of his student's uniform
I was painfully endeavoring to pick up the lost thread of my consciousness
If every thread of your sunny tresses is dear as my own life, 
in her desolation, some subtle thread of association, guided, perhaps, by the invisible fingers
in that thread of his story on which is strung the fortune of Massachusetts.
in tracing the delicate thread of cause and effect in mental activity, there is a great gap
indeed, a mere thread of brook dancing through
Interwoven with it is a thread of romance, a tale of early love and courtship,
is a certain thread of consciousness; a series of feelings, that is, of sensations
is granted to follow throughout its course the Karmic thread of continuity,
It is difficult to think that the thread of infinity should go on smooth and continuous
it is necessary to connect the thread of epidemiological and experimental evidence to the apparatus
it is so palpably a thread of sugar crystal that it need not get in the way of any reader.
it looks like a thread of finest gossamer stretched across the valley, and gleaming
it severed the last thread of special connection between the Congregational churches and the civil government.
It was the sole remaining thread of the ancient woof of a dawning culture
its tongue, a forked thread of tremulous scarlet.
life, which else would soon have cut the thread of hers, whose sex and qualities demand soft endearment
like the hysteric thread of that woman's sobbing anguish
making a little spider's thread of crimson on the dark skin of his chest.
n the fading twilight that lay a yellow thread of separation between the day's high colors and the dewless darkness of the night
nearby, a thread of smoke from a turf fire smoldering in some hidden cottage
neither to unravel the thread of his wanderings, nor to bring them into a chronological sequence.
no relationship to each other, which were connected only by a like and persistent thread of irrelevancy
Now but a glittering thread of twinkling light
Now it would seem to me that the thread of pedagogical and child-psychological thought so manifest
of desultory scribblers for bread who spin out their daily thread of meagre trash
Of the same fibre is this demon mockery and the thread of folk legend.
on after each stitch, she slips in and out a cross thread of the web. and draws it tight, thus securely fastening the yarn.
on the right temple from which there oozed a tiny thread of blood.
On the tiny yellow thread of the highway a car glittered for a moment and was gone.
only a regular thread of simple facts.
or some wild man or child the thread of whose history is interwoven with its own;
Over the invisible thread of radio connection between the space ship and Earth,
perhaps the entire caravan could make it, the thread, the living thread of camels, would exist, could not be lost.
Pray hand me a thread of that yellow silk. 
prayers Were ever round them as a thread of gold Wove daily in the warp and woof of life.
Presently he picked up the thread of his diatribe.
put a thread of poetry round it. 
Rather a soft voice with a thread of laziness running through it.
restless curiosity to trace each thread of emotion through its labyrinth.
sanctify the sorrows of the world by sending out and receiving this subtle thread of thought, so fine in its essence and quality'
Seeking the lifting thread of magical romance again,
She held the cigarette to her knee and watched the white thread of smoke crawl over her skin.
she interposed a little running thread of protest
shrewd, trusted friends familiar with every thread of the partisan fabric.
Since the thread of our humble hero's life has now become interwoven with that of higher ones
so delicately that it showed only a thread of blood at the depths of the tiny wound.
So important is this thread of doctrine in the fabric of Christianity
so much as a thread of silk or the down of a plant
Something, some thread of the serious,
Soul speaks to soul along the quivering thread of the material;
step over the borderline of his diffidence and he might achieve paradise. But a thread of cowardice held him back.
strength to speak at last in a toneless thread of voice.
teeth like a flock of even sheep and your sweet, pretty lips like a thread of scarlet.
that every revolution is winding up the thread of our lives. 
that our existence hangs upon the very slender thread of a maximum variation of only 250 degrees Fahrenheit.
that the thread of the knitting never need interfere with the thread of agreeable discourse.
the appearance of which I have likened to a thread of albumen dropped into boiling water
the bark of a dog and then singing, a thin thread of melody sent aloft by a woman's voice.
The destinies spin a long and even thread of both your lives. 
the grim stone house and the blue thread of smoke from Hagar's kitchen chimney.
the immensely distant thread of water
The light touch of Ah Cum's hand upon her arm broke the thread of retrospective thought
The lone note of a piano broke the thread of the sweetest, maddest discourse
The reader is charmed with the story of love which forms the thread of the tale
The secondary thread of the story is a charming idyl of honest love
the silver thread of a rivulet wormed its way for a mile
the skein of a water course drew an intricate pattern that made them think of the thread of slime left by a wandering snail.
the spinal thread of the incredible romance of that people's career
the sure thread of identification had broken in his fingers.
the terrible conflict of unexpressed feeling must snap the worn thread of life.
The thread of connection runs from the State courts up to the throne
The thread of destiny for the great city up the bay lay between the fingers
The thread of fact in this glittering web the reader must pick out
The thread of his adventures was snapped again at this moment;
the thread of the complex foreign negotiations which he was conducting could not be roughly broken.
The thread of the screw will then cut its way into the wood without disturbing the fiber
The wifely needle, a thread of silver fire, shuttled back and forth in the heavy brocade silk. 
the woman's persistent sobbing like a single thread of hysteria, the same feeling of apartness from God
Their dusky faces made a thread of intensity against the yellow of the planks.
Their nets are made of thread of nettles or of white wood, the bark of which they make into thread
Then a thread of wool as light as thistle-down was thrown upon water
Then dreams came, and through them ran the thread of his hope of seeing
Then that dwindled to a fine thread of sound, and died
there shortens, by one subtle and sure atom, the thread of her life
There was no difficulty in picking up the thread of memory.
They could spin a thread of gossamer, or of silk from their chemicals
this story is part of the central thread of America's own story
through all its unintelligible warp and woof, a faint, elusive thread of purposeful meaning:
Through all our talk this thread of melody was run
Thus a perverse Fate ever snipped the thread of an embryo adventure.
thy locks. Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet.
Thy love is like the thread of a new moon Drawn on the faint blue
to be the one to break the thread of memory's enchantment.
to cut short the brief thread of his puny life, with a few moments of pain, suffers, dies
to heat a slender thread of imperm wire within Force Field 348
to keep a distinct and unbroken thread of authentic history.
to vibrate with the consummate balance of things, like a gyroscope spinning on a thread of wire.
translating his knowledge into Western thought, he might let slip the gossamer thread of understanding, or a listening ear might lose
unraveling from the tangled skein of European history during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries the thread of England's development.
voices run lightly on the thread of fugue.
we see there is a tiny thread of blood coming from the corner of her mouth.
Well, to take up the thread of my yarn, which I shall bring to a close as speedily as possible
were basically beads - of fact strung on a thread of prose that often strained for poetic effect.
when a spider touches a thread of his web, how the whole net-work will tremble
when tortured by the thought that some unforeseen calamity might clip his thread of existence,
where the blue Ohio winds its thread of silver
Where this thread of the skein would lead to
While the moonshiner draws out his thread of romance, he can not forget that its spool is tethered to handcuffs,
who has dared follow the far-flung thread of her fancy wherever it might lead.
with a little empty thread of bridge joining them together in the air above the water,
with a little thread of blood still running out of her mouth 
with not a thread of gray in her dark hair
with the tenuous thread of civilization burned away,
with the thread of our history -- let us follow the footsteps of the unknown.
you have broke the thread of my story, and I forget where I was.
the strand of the profit motive weaves itself into the thread of human destiny as inextricably as molecules of DNA.
why one more thread of the social compact is becoming unraveled.
The youngsters wove a thread of merriment
the thread of a potential future candidate for the American presidency was to be artificially cut.
The thread of life of that mortal has to be in our Tapestry
Woven through the jokes was a strong thread of melancholy, a sense of the tragedy of life
Nothing in the entire thread of human endeavor
I felt a familiar itch -- a thread of irritation -- inside my penis.
he clubbed her a blow that shook a thread of blood and saliva from her mouth.
Mount Aloha was marked by the gleaming thread of Aloha beanstalk, 
there was one underlying, unchanging thread of agreement: we must not bargain for the release of these hostages;
the red thread of a fire on a distant ridge,
Whenever a thread of a coherent episode occurred, it broke off and something else formed.
there was the faintest thread of curiosity in his voice.
Her eyes, following the white thread of a gull's flight, flicked
Tracing the thread of plastid diversity through the tapestry of life
The thread of residual protein is the basis for the thread-like structure of
the chromosome.
The film surrounds a thread of another viscous fluid.
A Shining Thread of Hope
The thread of evidence-based practice has been enhanced from cover
to cover
On the resistance to the motion of a thread of mercury in a glass tube