The destinies spin a long and even thread of both your lives. 
you have broke the thread of my story, and I forget where I was.
Cut the thin thread of life -- and not your law!
He could weave the happiness of others, even though no thread of his own was in the fabric.
life, which else would soon have cut the thread of hers, whose sex and qualities demand soft endearment
neither to unravel the thread of his wanderings, nor to bring them into a chronological sequence.
only a regular thread of simple facts.
the terrible conflict of unexpressed feeling must snap the worn thread of life.
that every revolution is winding up the thread of our lives. 
By their infernal engines; -- not a thread Of its green folds was yet contaminated.
so much as a thread of silk or the down of a plant
of desultory scribblers for bread who spin out their daily thread of meagre trash
to keep a distinct and unbroken thread of authentic history.
and obstinately refused to lay aside the smallest tittle or thread of his dress
where the blue Ohio winds its thread of silver
and elms, a bright silvery thread Of a slow-winding, pure crystal stream
to cut short the brief thread of his puny life, with a few moments of pain, suffers, dies
Now but a glittering thread of twinkling light
is a certain thread of consciousness; a series of feelings, that is, of sensations
Thy love is like the thread of a new moon Drawn on the faint blue
Well, to take up the thread of my yarn, which I shall bring to a close as speedily as possible
with the thread of our history -- let us follow the footsteps of the unknown.
The thread of his adventures was snapped again at this moment;
a peninsula, although it was anchored to the continent by a long slender thread of land
but winding like a thread of gold through all her writings
Since the thread of our humble hero's life has now become interwoven with that of higher ones
it looks like a thread of finest gossamer stretched across the valley, and gleaming
when a spider touches a thread of his web, how the whole net-work will tremble
A little tiny thread of a north wind came down to them from Home
I spun those, every thread of' em, when my name was Mary Evans. Those were my wedding
and evil tongues had come between, and the frail thread of true love had been broken
or some wild man or child the thread of whose history is interwoven with its own;
If every thread of your sunny tresses is dear as my own life, 
when tortured by the thought that some unforeseen calamity might clip his thread of existence,
as the first ray of light spreads like a thread of fire across the sky
thy locks. Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet.
in that thread of his story on which is strung the fortune of Massachusetts.
by some thread of philosophy or speculation; every reader observes some connection,
prayers Were ever round them as a thread of gold Wove daily in the warp and woof of life.
indeed, a mere thread of brook dancing through
the grim stone house and the blue thread of smoke from Hagar's kitchen chimney.
again and again as she watched him follow the thread of a path which
but the very last thread of their flannel was spun now.
a plaster of vermicelli, and followed by a little thread of soup which was running down the calves of his legs.
Something, some thread of the serious,
A thread of silver in her chestnut hair That affluent needed no deceiving braid.
from the immense breadths of the United States and British America to that thread of communication between continents
And the thread of that existence is frail.
Every thread of the cheap home-made fabrics in which they came to this country has disappeared;
And then we will resume our broken thread Of Plato' s thoughts
in her desolation, some subtle thread of association, guided, perhaps, by the invisible fingers
and then dropped the blazing splinter on the slender thread of gunpowder.
I have not been able to lay my finger upon a thread of coarseness in that girl.
a story, a mythology, a thread of doctrine, throughout such or such a symphony, sonata
there shortens, by one subtle and sure atom, the thread of her life
Grey thread of medium size; fine red wool
the spinal thread of the incredible romance of that people's career
Pray hand me a thread of that yellow silk. 
So important is this thread of doctrine in the fabric of Christianity
put a thread of poetry round it. 
it severed the last thread of special connection between the Congregational churches and the civil government.
on after each stitch, she slips in and out a cross thread of the web. and draws it tight, thus securely fastening the yarn.
the thread of the complex foreign negotiations which he was conducting could not be roughly broken.
Interwoven with it is a thread of romance, a tale of early love and courtship,
and the narrow thread of light that came from it revealed the stairway.
it is so palpably a thread of sugar crystal that it need not get in the way of any reader.
The secondary thread of the story is a charming idyl of honest love
she interposed a little running thread of protest
and waxed anew the thread of her discourse.
sanctify the sorrows of the world by sending out and receiving this subtle thread of thought, so fine in its essence and quality'
There was no difficulty in picking up the thread of memory.
Through all our talk this thread of melody was run
an intricate pattern of blue and white, and not a thread of it woven by the light of the sun.
on the right temple from which there oozed a tiny thread of blood.
The thread of fact in this glittering web the reader must pick out
They could spin a thread of gossamer, or of silk from their chemicals
its tongue, a forked thread of tremulous scarlet.
in tracing the delicate thread of cause and effect in mental activity, there is a great gap
Their nets are made of thread of nettles or of white wood, the bark of which they make into thread
The thread of connection runs from the State courts up to the throne
and there is a sustained thread of sincere sentiment.
voices run lightly on the thread of fugue.
Of the same fibre is this demon mockery and the thread of folk legend.
and who could take up the thread of government among a semi-barbarous people as readily
unraveling from the tangled skein of European history during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries the thread of England's development.
and thus weave the golden thread of greatness into a glorious democracy.
A thread of fire ran up like an opening seam
Rather a soft voice with a thread of laziness running through it.
Between the poles of the galvanometer was stretched a slender thread of fused quartz
the silver thread of a rivulet wormed its way for a mile
Then a thread of wool as light as thistle-down was thrown upon water
an endeavor of her tender heart to keep up a thread of connection
The reader is charmed with the story of love which forms the thread of the tale
Here was a bird with the head hanging by a thread of skin
with not a thread of gray in her dark hair
The thread of destiny for the great city up the bay lay between the fingers
I was painfully endeavoring to pick up the lost thread of my consciousness
But to unwind the thread of human fault, and hold it up
a nervetract is a tenuous fibre or thread of protoplas
The lone note of a piano broke the thread of the sweetest, maddest discourse
and stretched there from another gleaming thread of its intricate web of trolley lines.
The thread of the screw will then cut its way into the wood without disturbing the fiber
the sure thread of identification had broken in his fingers.
and the ominous black thread of communication trailing like a grotesque horn behind it.
a heart of pain, Whose wound no thread of fate can stitch, How hast thou conjured, cruel witch
from his pocket a bit of virgin gold strung on a thread of deer sinew.
He found great difficulty in catching the thread of his identity again.
Where this thread of the skein would lead to
has not the slightest connection with the thread of our story.
Thus a perverse Fate ever snipped the thread of an embryo adventure.
his desperate attempts to keep to the thread of desultory talk were pitiful.
a thread of blood, and, underneath, the thread of blood
again, leaning against the door-frame in the thread of light.

